Migration tabs sample (#964)
GoogleChrome/chrome-extensions-samples: api-samples/tabs/zoom/README.md

# chrome.tabs - Tab Zoom

A sample that demonstrates how to use the [`chrome.tabs`](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/tabs/) API.

## Overview

In this sample, the zoom related [`chrome.tabs`](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/tabs/) APIs are used to manipulate the zoom level and zoom mode of the current tab.

## Implementation Notes

> - The [`chrome.tabs.getZoom`](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/tabs/#method-getZoom) method is used to get the current zoom level of the tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [`chrome.tabs.getZoom()`](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/tabs/#method-getZoom) method is used to get the current zoom level of the tab.
```

> - The [`chrome.tabs.setZoom`](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/tabs/#method-setZoom) method is used to set the zoom level of the tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [`chrome.tabs.setZoom()`](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/tabs/#method-setZoom) method is used to set the zoom level of the tab.
```

> - The [`chrome.tabs.setZoomSettings`](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/tabs/#method-setZoomSettings) method is used to set the zoom settings of the tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [`chrome.tabs.setZoomSettings()`](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/tabs/#method-setZoomSettings) method is used to set the zoom settings of the tab.
```

> - The [`chrome.tabs.setZoomSettings()`](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/tabs/#method-setZoomSettings) method is used to set the zoom settings of the tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`chrome.tabs.setZoomSettings()`](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/tabs/#method-setZoomSettings) sets the zoom settings of the tab.
```

> - The [`chrome.tabs.getZoomSettings`](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/tabs/#method-getZoomSettings) method is used to get the zoom settings of the tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [`chrome.tabs.getZoomSettings()`](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/tabs/#method-getZoomSettings) method is used to get the zoom settings of the tab.
```

> - The [`chrome.tabs.getZoomSettings()`](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/tabs/#method-getZoomSettings) method is used to get the zoom settings of the tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`chrome.tabs.getZoomSettings()`](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/tabs/#method-getZoomSettings) returns the zoom settings of the tab.
```

> - The [`chrome.tabs.onZoomChange`](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/tabs/#event-onZoomChange) event is used to listen for zoom changes in the tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [`chrome.tabs.onZoomChange()`](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/tabs/#event-onZoomChange) event is used to listen for zoom changes in the tab.
```

> - The [`chrome.tabs.onZoomChange()`](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/tabs/#event-onZoomChange) event is used to listen for zoom changes in the tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`chrome.tabs.onZoomChange()`](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/tabs/#event-onZoomChange) listens for zoom changes in the tab.
```

## Running this extension

1. Clone this repository.
2. Load this directory in Chrome as an [unpacked extension](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/mv3/getstarted/development-basics/#load-unpacked).

> 3. Click the extension's icon to open the popup.

Reviewer 2: It looks like this doesn't work on the chrome://extension page. Can we guide people to go elsewhere, e.g example.com?

1. Clone this repository.
2. Load this directory in Chrome as an [unpacked extension](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/mv3/getstarted/development-basics/#load-unpacked).

> 3. Open any website in a new tab, such as <https://google.com>, and then click on the extension icon to open the popup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Open any website, such as `https://google.com` in a new tab, and then click the extension icon to open the popup.
```
